Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
♪ Paradise will turn to hell ♪
♪ acid rains and I entreat you ♪
Let me out!
Let me outta here!
Help!
♪ Do we really ♪
♪ kiss and kill because
we have so much? ♪
Right on! Right om
♪ Wildlife has disappeared ♪
♪ the others die
and all is dark ♪
♪ it's a lonely, lonely sound ♪
♪ everyone is lost
and nobody's found ♪
♪ do we really ♪
♪ need to damage
everything we touch? ♪
♪ Do we really ♪
♪ kiss and kill because
we have so much? ♪
♪ So much ♪
Great, come on.
No, don't wanna do that, bro.
One, at least, please.
Quiet, please.
We're about to film.
Okay, boss, okay.
Quiet. Shut up.
Ready?
Always.
Rolling and action.
Hi, guys.
Milow the girl here.
As most of you know,
I'm here in the states
on my "Days of Power" tour,
and I'm looking forward
to getting to know
my fans more personally,
although my decision wasn't met by
the most glowing reviews by everyone
like the band!
Shut up!
After experiencing how it's like
to perform in arenas
and traveling
on enormous tour buses
I... I'm excited to have
scaled back the tour
to how it was
from the beginning,
and I know that, for me,
this is the right decision.
Wrong.
Well, then, what do
you think, Brooklyn?
You're seriously asking me that?
Yes, tell the camera
what you think.
I think it's dangerous.
People are crazy.
Oh, come on.
You're taking away definitive
itineraries, security.
What's wrong with a little
spontaneity and freedom?
I guess we'll figure
that answer out soon enough.
I'm gonna miss
that epic tour bus.
That transition's
gonna be tough.
Well, I know I'm definitely
over the big stages,
that's for sure.
Oh, yes, we all know
how much you hate
those large mirrors
on the bus and back stage areas.
Exactly.
Just keepin' it real.
This is gonna be interesting.
Still, it's insane.
Well, there you have it,
the tour of madness
is heading to a town near you.
Brooklyn.
Okay.
He's just freaking out again.
He'll be fine.
You haven't said anything, Greg.
I think we'll be fine.
Look, besides, we're gonna
be face to face
with your fans, right?
How could that possibly
be the wrong decision?
Exactly.
Thank you.
Hey, Lester!
Hey!
Thank you, Gia.
How's he been today?
Oh, god, seems stressed.
Oh, my god, Milow,
I love what you do.
You're great.
I'm really a fan.
I'm a fan.
Thank you so much.
Bye.
So how did Lester do today?
He was very pitiful
when I took him away,
but then he bosses around
a couple of dogs
and he was great.
And he was great.
Baby.
Aww, come On, so to mama.
Mamacito.
Ready?
So, are you having fun tonight?
Dude, what are you
doing out here?
Ma, too.
Well, hello there.
It appears we have a special
guest this evening.
Give a shout out to
our little friend, Lester!
Isn't he cute?
Well, I guess you can see
who the star in the family is.
Please let me out.
Let me out.
What's your name?
Hannah.
Can you please help me?
Can you please just let us out?
No! No! No!
Please, don't go!
Come back!
Help!
Come on, asshole, this should
have been done already.
She's already pissed at us.
Now we're gonna be late, too.
Good job.
I told you I was busy.
Anyway, half of them are dead.
Exactly.
We're late. We don't have
the number of mutts he wants,
and we owe him money.
And we owe him money.
I'll get 'em there in time.
Asshole.
♪ What if I lost
my faith in you ♪
♪ what if it's gone tomorrow ♪
♪ what if I killed a
dream without a scream ♪
♪ would you hear me ♪
♪ nothing good came out of you ♪
♪ this love between us ♪
♪ I think this is the end ♪
♪ I'm better again ♪
♪ what would you care ♪
♪ 'cause I'm losing my mind ♪
♪ I'm trying to find ♪
♪ the reason ♪
Really unprecedented
scene at battery park
under 12, 13 feet now of water,
a surge.
Short amount of time.
Advised to stay off the roads,
if at all possible.
The storm appears
to be moving north
at approximately
25 miles per hour
with high streamline winds,
small to medium-sized hail
and dangerous lightning.
Hello.
You're gonna have
to turn around.
We're heading to Lincoln.
Not this way you're aren't.
But 34's the straightest
route we have.
Hey, stop filming me.
If you go down here, you're gonna
hit about four feet of water.
This Van will not
take you through it.
What other routes are there?
You turn around,
you go down here to 63,
you go north,
and then you hit 83.
That'll take another half hour.
I didn't make it rain.
Turn this thing around.
That went well.
We should just head back.
I mean, we're not gonna
make it in time anyway, right?
Oh, my god.
They're doing it again.
Probably discussing chocolate.
Sean, what are the chances of us
getting stuck in this weather?
Zero.
I already turned around.
See, all fine.
Wake up! Wake up!
Wake up!
Hello?
Yes, hello.
Who's there?
This is Gia!
Trinity?
Yes, I'm here, I'm here.
Where are you?
I don't know.
Can you... can you come help me?
No, I... I...
I am locked inside something.
Are Riley and Milow with you?
No, I don't know where they are.
What can you see?
Hold on.
Just tell me what you're seeing.
Dogs.
They are all around me.
What? What happened?
Are you okay?
They're above me!
I can feel their feet.
Leave me the fuck alone!
Trinity, listen to me,
it's only dogs.
It's only dogs.
Hey.
Are you good?
I got this.
Okay.
I'll meet you over there.
We're actually gonna see
a real movie in a theater.
You're a back up singer!
I need an autograph from you.
Hey.
Don't touch her.
Trust me, it'll be a problem.
All right, all right.
Brooklyn.
I'm sorry.
Chill, man.
He just wants an autograph.
Hey.
You know I, um,
I haven't signed
one of these in a long time.
What did I miss?
He just wants an autograph.
It's okay.
Relax.
Okay, so that's one point for you.
Wait, what are we seeing?
I'll get a few more before we're out here.
Dude.
Calm down, brother.
Thank you.
Zoey!
Take care.
My hero.
It's Milow.
Hello?
How are you?
I just can't stop thinking
about that ridiculous
sound check last night.
It was crazy.
Oh, my god.
He had no idea
what he was doing.
I can't believe we even
made it through the sound check.
I mean, what did he say?
I mean, "hit the mic
as hard as you can"?
As hard as you can.
Oh, yeah.
What? Like, what?
The guy thought that was faster.
I love you, too.
Ciao.
That guy in the lobby
was an asshole.
Brooklyn, relax.
He's gone.
But that sound guy
was almost as slow
as our good friend Riley here.
Here we go.
Oh, no, not possible.
Not possible.
Plus that goofy hair and girly makeup
you wear takes too much effort.
That's it, I'm out.
The man has a point.
No, please stay.
Where you going?
I'm out.
Well, hurry, or you'll
miss the previews.
Be courteous to others.
Turn off all cell phones.
I'll have to find a mirror, no doubt,
Devices while watching the film.
What happened earlier?
It was just a guy
who wanted my autograph,
and Brooklyn freaked out on him.
But it was fine.
Of course.
No one puts Zoey in the corner.
You spilled your popcorn
all over me.
I got hot buttered nipples.
You're welcome.
They're gonna miss the movie.
Good.
Enjoy the movie.
Okay.
♪ Give it to me ♪
♪ rocket love ♪
♪ give it to me ♪
♪ give it to me, give it to me ♪
♪ give it to me, rocket love ♪
♪ give it to me give it to me ♪
Are you sure this is
the right address?
Yeah.
No signal.
That's it.
I'm switching services
as soon as we get back to L.A.
Yeah, me, too.
Well.
How did I get roped
into videoing this shit?
Relax. The guy needed
a personal day.
Let it go.
Why are you so bitchy?
I'm not bitchy.
How come every time
I decide to criticize you,
I'm suddenly being bitchy?
Okay, miss not bitchy,
let's take a poll
when this documentary comes out
and see how many times
when I say you're being bitchy,
the fans think you are, too.
Like you're even
going to be in it
when they finish editing it.
Right, like you're the only
star around here?
You're so ridiculous.
You love it.
Oh, oh, hi.
Hello?
We talked earlier today,
we're the ones looking
for the chihuahua.
Oh, yeah, yeah, come on in,
except you can't
bring that in here.
You didn't get this cleared?
Yeah, uh, so we are shooting
this documentary thing,
and we were just trying to get
some footage of the dogs.
Hi there.
I'm sorry, you can't
bring that in here.
It's just that this is our home
and you know how crazy people
can be these days.
It's okay.
We understand.
Hello.
So these are all rescues?
No, just the shy one there.
The others are the babies
of peanut and Chloe.
That's the Mom and Dad
right there.
They're all so cute,
but I only want to adopt.
Is she fixed? Yes, she's not
able to breed at all anymore.
Is it okay if I bring out my
other dog to see how they mix?
Of course. We want to
make sure they get along.
There's a fee, yes?
Yes.
We maintain what we like
to call an animal sanctuary.
We like to foster
all sorts of dogs,
and this helps us maintain
all we need for the animals.
It's okay. It's okay.
Good.
It's okay.
Lester!
I'm so sorry.
It's fine. It's fine.
He must be scared.
He never does this.
Just go grab the cleaner
and the towel.
I'm just gonna take him
out quickly.
Just take him
right on out that way.
No, no, no, you help them.
I'll go.
Smoker.
Where the fuck is it?
I don't know.
You said you put it here.
Hello, my friend.
Hey.
Am I interrupting?
No.
Good.
I just had some work I need to finish up.
How we doing on our arrangement?
Good.
Good?
Food is good.
If we're doing well...
You have something for me.
We just need a few more days.
The folks got delayed
in coming down to get the dogs.
The payment
will be ready shortly.
It better be.
Lester!
Lester, you've gone
far enough now.
Lester.
I am a patient man.
Wouldn't you say I'm patient?
But I am a businessman, and you and
you are messing with my business,
so you sell however
many Benjis you need to
to get me money and quickly.
You have my drugs.
Now I expect my money.
Is that clear?
'Cause I will not have
this conversation again.
Get back to work.
Back the fuck off!
What's that awful smell?
Do you smell that?
Yeah, I do.
Hold still.
Lay down.
Come on, Lester.
What the fuck
are you doing here?
James, get her!
Milow!
Come Over here!
Stop! Stop it.
You're not meant
to be in this place!
Shut the fuck up!
Stop it!
No!
Stop!
Shut the fuck up!
I've got a present for you.
This little baby.
No!
I'm Santa Claus.
Nothing can fuck me.
No!
Stop it!
Stop!
No!
Help me!
Somebody help!
Thank you from me and the band.
Hello? Hello?
Can anyone hear me?
Hello?
Yes, hello, can you hear me?
Trinity?
Yes, it's me, Riley. Where are you?
I'm over here.
Let me out.
I'm in a cage.
Are you okay?
What happened?
I don't know.
Where are we?
Riley, I don't know.
You had to see something!
What do you remember?
What happened?
Are you okay?
This place is...
I know.
How are we gonna get outta here?
We will.
We'll get out.
Fuck!
Riley, answer me, are you okay?
My leg.
It's cut.
How bad?
Pretty bad.
Where's Gia?
I don't know.
She was here.
I haven't heard
anything from her.
Where's Milow?
I don't know!
Riley, you were with her last.
They were killing them.
Killing who?
We weren't supposed to see it.
Who were they killing, Riley?
Answer me.
Not Milow.
Hey, guys,
it's Milow the girl here.
We just finished our show
and we're going to...
Where are we going?
Missouri.
And I decided I'm gonna get a
brother or a sister for Lester.
And we... what do you
call that again?
Lineage, bloodline.
You tell them.
No, no, no, no.
Well, basically,
we traced down ms parents,
and we found them
in Missouri at this place,
hope estates,
that we're going to,
and we're gonna
get him a friend there.
Yeah, not all of us.
What?
What are your plans, Brooklyn?
You don't wanna check out
the small town night life?
Maybe.
What are you gonna do?
I'm chilling at the hotel.
I'll go with Milow.
Thank you, Riley.
I can't. I can't.
I know I'll fall in love
with the puppy
and have to take it home.
I'm just gonna stay
at the hotel with Greg.
Lame.
What the hell are you doing?
We got serious problems and
you're in here screwing around!
It's my day off, right?
I've got six dead puppies
that were fried by the wire.
They're dropping like flies, and
you're in here fucking around
with drugs you can't afford.
What's that dog doing in here?
Get him to work now!
Between the drugs
and those people,
you don't get a day off.
Enough!
You need to buck up, soldier,
and wipe that fuckin' snow
from your nose.
We got a job to do,
and you know the fuckin' rules.
Now pull your shit together
and get those dogs to work.
I need those puppies,
and I need them now.
I got your fuckin' puppies.
Fuckin' asshole.
I got ya.
I got you.
All mine.
♪ Sometimes we tend
to lose our minds ♪
♪ lose the road,
just chasin' signs ♪
♪ look into a stranger's eyes ♪
♪ to see the reason
it could be fine ♪
♪ should be fine ♪
♪ should be fine,
should be fine ♪
♪ sometimes we think
love isn't here ♪
♪ and wanting
whispers in our ear ♪
♪ delusions of a child ♪
♪ call our dreams sad and wild ♪
♪ It's like entering
an empty room ♪
♪ and looking for
something good ♪
♪ empty arms ♪
♪ it's like entering
an empty room ♪
♪ and looking for
something good ♪
♪ empty arms ♪
♪ This world at times can
seem a bit strange ♪
♪ wondering what
tomorrow brings ♪
♪ see, I know what
most been told ♪
♪ but inside us lies
those pots of gold ♪
♪ so my early days
something new ♪
♪ something fresh
something true ♪
♪ what it did for you ♪
♪ I watch and learn quick
put my head in trick ♪
♪ put hands on, it's perfect,
the struggle's worth it ♪
♪ once you find calm
and peace within ♪
♪ the answers unfold
and this life begins ♪
♪ searching and searching
low and high ♪
♪ but our purpose is certain,
we'll shine in time ♪
♪ gotta fly sky high,
travel divine ♪
♪ just breathe and
slowly unwind ♪
♪ the empty holds
clues, it's on you ♪
♪ believe in that mirror's
bright reflection ♪
♪ next move is always in
the right direction ♪
Yo yo.
Let me out!
Get me outta here!
Hello?
Give it to me.
Hey, do I know you?
Give me the bag.
No.
Open your purse.
What are you talking about?
Look up.
See? I was reviewing
some footage.
Saw you got a little
company in there.
Now hand over the bag.
Give me the bag.
No.
Take him out of the bag.
Take him out of the bag!
I know how to work a zipper.
I'd die first.
Careful.
I'm gonna say this
one last time.
Give me the bag.
Give me the bag!
Drop it,
or I swear
you'll sincerely regret it.
Thought so.
Get the fuck off me!
Get off!
Sleep tight.
Come here.
Let's see what cage
we got for you, little guy.
No! No, please!
Give him back!
Please, give him back!
Give him back to me.
Please, just give him...
Gia? Gia?
Trinity?
Yes, I'm over here.
I'm over here.
So is Riley.
I talked with him.
I must've passed out.
We need to get out of here now.
Yeah, come on!
I think I might have a clip.
I'm looking!
I have nothing! This is
completely fucking useless!
I have a clip.
I'm trying to pick the lock.
Gia.
Come on!
You can do this.
I've seen you do it
a million times.
You've got this.
Hurry!
Come on, Gia!
Gia, Gia, come on!
You got this, Gia.
Just go, Gia.
Gia.
Get the camera.
I have it! I have it!
Go!
Yes, thank you!
Come on, come on.
Gia, I'm over here!
Come on!
Come and let me out!
Gia!
You're good.
Go get her!
Get me the fuck outta here!
No!
Aah!
Get her and
get the fuck outta here!
Come on!
Just get her and get outta here!
I'm not leaving without you.
You girls, go!
You've got to go!
Trinity!
No, no, no, no, no!
Damn it, Trinity.
Let's go.
Go! Go! Go!
I can't leave you!
Trinity.
Go!
Come on!
Nice try, motherfucker.
Gotcha.
Where is that fucking thing?
You think that hurt?
Riley?
Why can't I hear you anymore?
Please answer me!
Riley!
I've got a special
place for you.
Riley!
Trinity! Trinity! Trinity!
Gia! Where are you?
Gia?
It's filling up with water and fast!
What? What do you mean?
I think I'm in a fucking hole!
Okay, what do you have with you?
Can you climb out of it?
I am all chained up.
You have to stay calm.
I need you to get
out of there, please.
Oh, my god, I'm gonna drown!
Gia, you have to calm down.
I'm going to die.
I'm gonna die!
I'm gonna drown!
I'm gonna fucking drown!
Stop saying that.
Look!
Get the fuck out!
Gia, you have to calm down.
Get out! Get out!
I'm sorry!
I'm sorry.
♪ I'm never coming back ♪
♪ when I go ♪
no, I'm sorry.
That's all the information
I have at the moment.
Well, we hope that she will
be back in time for that.
Well, look... yes, I understand.
We'll be in touch.
Meghan!
If you put another
agent or venue
through to my phone line today,
you're fired!
I don't have time to deal
with that right now.
I'm sorry.
Ed, do you want me
to get the camera?
Do you want me to start
to shoot this?
Yeah, yeah, yeah,
start to shoot this.
All right, so here's the deal.
We are going to be
answering no questions.
We are going to keep
our mouths shut.
We can't jeopardize
the chance of finding them.
Have it put up on her website.
Today...
That she's on hiatus.
This is not national
headline news,
and we want to keep it that way,
as long as we can...
Which won't be for long.
I need a schedule.
Any information that you have
on where they were going,
hotels, anything
you can think of.
They uploaded a video
from the last show.
I don't think the departments
seen them yet.
Well, find out if they have.
Go.
Go!
Now!
That's your cousin.
Time to wake up.
Are you hungry? Huh?
You need these.
Better eat up good,
cause you're gonna need it.
Here you go.
Travis, what the fuck Is this?
What the fuck is what?
How in the hell did this happen?
Smells like death.
He's not gonna make it.
All right, let's get
this over with.
Where are you taking him?
Stop it! You're only
making him worse!
You'll feel better real soon.
Best thing for him.
No, stop!
No, please!
Please stop it!
No!
We got other plans for you.
What are you doing?
Nothing.
Nothing what?
Nothing, Sir.
Don't you lie to me,
you little brat.
Have you been stealing treats?
I asked you a question.
You're gonna answer.
Have you've been stealing
treats again?
Yes, Sir.
What's goin' on in here?
She's been stealing
treats again.
Is this true?
Mama has told you
that you can't take treats,
from the kitchen.
Now papa's gonna
have to chastise you.
Get the rod, Tom.
With pleasure.
Mama is gonna go downstairs
and finish making dinner,
and she'll not hear a peep
out of this room.
We can't have wailing while I'm
trying to prepare a decent meal,
which you'll partake none.
Make sure her lesson
leaves reminders.
International
pop star, Milow the girl,
her assistant,
and two bandmates,
have gone missing.
The group, last seen
in this local music venue,
have baffled authorities
with their sudden disappearance.
Earlier today the chief
of police had this to say.
At this time, the disappearance
of Milow the girl
is under investigation.
Our department will do
everything it can to find her.
What the hell?
I have no further
information for you at this time.
More to come
as the story develops.
Turn it off.
Thought she looked familiar.
You knew?
No, I just thought
she looked familiar.
I didn't know.
I didn't know she was famous.
Where are they?
One of them's dead.
We had to.
The famous one is fine.
Is that fine?
Oh, everything's just fine.
I ain't got a fuckin'
care in the world.
Police trace that bitch
back to our house,
and you say everything's fine.
The best part of you dripped
down your mama's leg-.
If they shut us down,
how are we gonna
pay off your debt?
I knew you all were useless the
minute we started this charade.
Now we stand to lose
$200 thousand worth
of breeding stock,
not to mention end up at the
mercy of your dealer friend.
So, how are we gonna fix this?
How?
Last I heard,
they hung good ol' Gary up
like one of their cattle.
Sliced him from top to bottom.
Drained his blood and watched
while it happened.
Let me tell you something,
that ain't gonna be me.
We are gonna pay off that debt,
and we're gonna use
these dogs to do it.
Get off!
Lester's gone.
They took him from me.
Doesn't look good for us two.
But I guess you already
know that, huh?
How could I of all people
not have known about this?
I feel like such an idiot.
This is all my fault.
None of us would have been here
if it wasn't for me.
Hey.
Any ideas of how we can
get outta here?
What is it?
What are you looking at?
Up here?
What is it?
I can't fit through here.
You're pretty smart.
So, is she okay?
Yeah, she's...
She just feels bad that she
didn't get there on time
and now he's gone.
I mean, there's nothing
she could have done.
She could have
canceled the show.
Hey, I mean, he knew
she was there in spirit.
Protect your asses.
Oh!
Shut the fuck...
Where are we, number one?
What?
Your nose is shaped like a dick.
It's that damn Cologne
you're wearing
that's attracting the bugs.
I don't know what we're doing.
This Cologne attracts
anything I need it to attract.
You're wearing fucking perfume.
You got a cigarette?
Come on, give me one.
Give me one!
Riley, the rainbow room's
that way,
where the fuck you taking us?
No, they went this way.
I can barely...
Huh?
We gotta find... we gotta find
Zoey and Trinity.
Come on, she was so...
Excited to get back to
the grass roots of everything.
I mean, she's not wrong.
You know this lifestyle,
you know.
You miss out on events and moments
in life and you never get them back.
Well, now that we're scaling
the tour back and everything,
we'll be able to have
those moments again.
Live normal lives.
Be normal people, right?
You're gonna hate it!
I seriously heard
some shit, much later.
There were.
Him wrestling?
No, no, many men?
Ah, there's no chance in hell.
There's not...
There's not a chance in hell
I'm going.
Losers.
They totally love this.
Why is he wearing sunglasses?
It's not even bright outside.
I have no idea.
He thinks he's like a cool cat.
Oh, look who's here.
We've been looking for you two.
We have sound check.
Ah, no, no sound check today.
No sound check, why?
Because I said so,
you whiny bitches.
Oh, I can't.
No!
I literally hate you.
Okay, that was pretty close.
I hate you.
Nature.
Look at that.
That's like-
a bird?
I think it's a crane.
Hey, you okay?
Yes, I'm cool.
You know she would have canceled
the show if she wasn't up for it.
I know.
All right. Don't worry about it too much.
I'm cool.
Let's go.
Let's do this.
Hey, you coming?
Yes.
Let's go.
A little more cultured.
You okay?
I'm sorry.
Riley!
Riley, can you hear me?
Riley, are you in here?
Milow? Milow!
Where?
Over here!
It's you!
I thought they killed you.
Are you okay?
Get me the fuck outta here!
Where's Riley and Gia?
They're dead.
What?
Those fucking bastards
killed them.
Come on, let's
get the fuck outta here!
Aah!
Get me the fuck outta here!
The keys, the keys to the cage,
they're over there.
Which one is it?
I don't know.
You don't know
or you can't remember?
I don't know.
Trinity!
Which one is it?
Gold? Silver?
Everything's silver!
Oh, my god.
Get me the fuck outta here!
Oh, come on!
Trinity!
Which one is it?
This one, I think.
That's it!
My leg! My leg! My leg!
What the fuck?
The bitches are loose.
I'll bring the gun.
Fuck!
Milow!
Lester's gotta
be here somewhere.
Just got to!
Milow, we have to go.
Not until I find Lester.
Come on!
Where are they?
Do you see them?
I don't see a damn thing.
Slow down.
Come out, come out,
wherever you are.
We're gonna have some fun.
We'll have a threesome.
Yeah, that's it.
Come to papa.
Where the fuck are they?
I know they're here somewhere.
Come on.
There they are!
Get 'em!
Trinity!
I'm coming for you, bitch.
Fucking bitch.
Where are you?
Where the fuck are they?
Come on.
Here I come.
Where are you?
Hey, asshole!
Come here!
Come and get me!
Come on!
Come get it!
Come on, I wanna play.
Where are you?
Come and play.
Hey!
Fuck face!
Come on!
Fuck you!
Welcome to the dark, bitch.
Lester! Lester!
Lester!
Gotcha!
He wasn't gonna make it anyway.
Oh, well.
Nothin' you can do now.
Lights out.
Give me back my dog!
Give him back!
Milow, stop!
Milow, look at me!
Hey! Milow!
Look at me!
Please look at here.
No, this is not you.
Hey!
Look at me, look at me!
Look at me.
Look at me!
It's not worth it.
It's okay, it's okay.
Give it to me.
Even with the upper hand, the only thing
you bitches are good for is breeding.
Best thing for you.
Trinity! Trinity!
Fuck you!
We've been at this
for what feels like days.
There's nothing.
We must be missing something.
At this point we should just
give the footage to the police.
Too late.
Shit.
Oh, my god.
It's all over the Internet.
You've got to be
fucking kidding me.
This jeopardizes everything!
Fuck!
Shit!
♪ I'm goin' back to the bar ♪
♪ back out in the wind ♪
♪ ...ways I used to be ♪
♪ back out on the rails on a... ♪
♪ I'm back... ♪
♪ Cause my baby
won't come back ♪
♪ a hundred more miles ♪
Leave us the fuck alone!
We're not gonna hurt you.
I'm not fucking kidding.
Stay away!
I'm not fucking around.
We're here to help.
We're just local folks.
Stay away!
Okay, we don't know
what happened,
but we're gonna
get you some help, okay?
I'm Miranda.
This here is Tucker.
I live at 365 Tasker road,
Middletown, Missouri.
All right?
Here.
Now as a gesture of good faith,
I'm gonna lower my gun,
so we can get you girls
the help you need.
We're not gonna hurt you.
We're here to help.
Okay? Are you okay
with us doing that?
Tell us what happened.
We went to this...
We went to a rescue house
and there was this guy
with a scar and he...
A guy with one eye and...
There were dogs in there...
There were dogs everywhere.
Okay, we're gonna get
y'all somewhere safe.
All right?
We've got to get
y'all somewhere safe.
Hello, Tucker.
You out huntin'?
Is Patti home?
Who's bangin' on my door
at this time of day?
Hello there, Tucker.
What can we do for you?
See them girls over there
in the truck with Miranda?
I don't know 'em.
Who are they?
Yeah, I believe you do.
I swear we don't.
Tom, don't say another word.
Yup, I agree.
Huntin' time's over, Tom.
Get over there!
Don't say a word, Tom!
Don't say a word!
Get down, Tom.
Patti!
Don't make another move,
you crazy stupid bitch.
Rachel, where is she?
They were called.
Give them a minute.
Milow, where are you?
I'm so nervous.
Where is she?
Where's Milow?
I don't know.
We'll find her.
I'm too nervous.
I need to drink.
Yeah, me, too.
Yeah, this'll calm me down.
There, that's fine.
The phones still not ringing.
It will ring.
This is why I always
need to be with them
when they go on the road.
Really?
Yes, really.
We'll find them.
There are literally
thousands of people
looking for them right now.
Hello?
Fantastic.
The others?
Ed?
What is it?
Ed, god damn it!
Tell me what happened.
They're gone.
Damn it!
I stop, it's hurting
♪ again ♪
I- and I won't feel anymore
hello? What?
I don't understand.
The people who took...
I need to talk to them.
It's Riley, it's Riley and Gia.
They're gone.
♪ No one fears the pain ♪
get the fuck outta here!
Fuck!
Son of a bitch!
Motherfucker!
The fucking son of a bitch!
Fuck!
♪ See my soul like
nothing's gone ♪
♪ we are waiting ♪
♪ We are waiting ♪
♪ You know my name ♪
♪ take a stand ♪
♪ just to move for ♪
♪ gets us by yet again ♪
♪ it cuts deeper,
feel no shame ♪
♪ see my soul, shelter me ♪
♪ stop the rain ♪
♪ see my soul, take the rage ♪
♪ stop the pain ♪
♪ see my soul, we are caged ♪
♪ we don't know surely ♪
♪ see my soul like
nothing's wrong ♪
♪ we are waiting ♪
officer, here's your proof.
♪ We are waiting ♪
wait here one second, okay?
Thank you so much
for helping me.
It must have been you who
unlocked the cage, right?
Come with me.
♪ We are waiting ♪
what do you wanna show me?
Lester!
Oh, I can't believe this!
Thank you.
Can you sign this?
Oh, my god.
Being the artist that you are,
how can you consider leaving
the music industry right now?
Really just a trap door,
isn't it?
Before you know what happens,
you're inside with no way out.
There are reports
that because of the incident,
you will no longer tour.
Is that true?
Will it matter?
Of course it will.
For your fans.
You're an iconic figure
of pop culture.
What would you do, if not this?
What would I do, with not this?
How do we know until we do it?
You're quoted as saying,
"these dogs have no different
circumstances than my own."
What did you mean by that?
The cute little puppy
in the window of the pet store,
it seems perfect.
You don't see
where it comes from,
what happens behind the scenes
that puts it there.
Your life looks privileged
and charmed to the whole world,
are you insinuating
that your fame and success
has a sordid side to it'?
I think you know.
Know what?
Okay, I'm sorry, but we are
out... we are out of time.
So what happens for you and the band?
Come. Come on-
Just answer the last question.
We don't have the full story.
Look, Milow, you promised us
an exclusive interview.
What do you mean when you
compare yourself to them?
You haven't told us anything
that we didn't already know.
Then you weren't listening.
♪ Milow ♪
♪ secrets ♪
♪ regrets ♪
♪ Milow ♪
♪ secrets ♪
♪ regrets ♪
♪ Milow ♪
♪ secrets ♪
♪ have no regrets ♪
♪ Milow ♪
♪ secrets ♪
♪ have no regrets ♪
♪ she keeps a secret in a box ♪
♪ afraid someone will
catch a glimpse ♪
♪ and see what she's
been putting in ♪
♪ it's nothing that
she'd like to tell ♪
♪ it's burning up
inside her mind ♪
♪ it's like her
private living hell ♪
♪ read my mind ♪
♪ And when you went
against the flow ♪
♪ the fear she finds inside
the closet never shows ♪
♪ she'll always
keep to herself ♪
♪ will there become a time
she trusts somebody else ♪
♪ read my mind ♪
Their...
There you are.
Their realty...
Does not exist.
It does not exist.
We create our own...
Our own...
Happiness.
Yes, we create it.
Stop running.
Don't hide.
♪ Tear you down ♪
♪ don't let those
moments define you ♪
♪ tear you down ♪
♪ life interrupts,
friends say goodbye ♪
♪ settle down - you think
there's nothing you can do ♪
♪ settle down - you win
or lose you laugh or cry ♪
♪ ooh ♪
♪ settle down - your
reality does not exist ♪
♪ settle down - can you
bury this and even care ♪
♪ settle down - we
create our own happiness ♪
♪ settle down - you
decide if you're aware ♪
♪ you've got to rise up
and take them down ♪
♪ don't let their
words make a sound ♪
♪ so won't you rise up
and stand your ground ♪
♪ stand your ground
stand your ground ♪
♪ tearing down ♪
♪ stop running no need to hide ♪
♪ tear it down ♪
♪ like a jock you
pretend to care ♪
♪ tear it down ♪
♪ what you need,
what you decide ♪
♪ tear it down ♪
♪ pain and pleasure
you need to share ♪
♪ you've got to rise up
and take them down ♪
♪ don't let their
words make a sound ♪
♪ so won't you rise up
and stand your ground ♪
♪ stand your ground ♪
♪ you've got to rise up
and take them down ♪
♪ don't let their ♪
♪ words make a sound ♪
♪ so won't you rise up
and stand your ground ♪
♪ stand your ground ♪
Stop running.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from OpenSubtitles.org